They instituted enforcement proceedings in order to recover from K. the amounts awarded.
They received the writ of execution.
They requesting that a duplicate of the writ of execution.
They brought a counterclaim against the Housing Department.
They responded in a letter.
They provided the applicants and the first applicant’s mother with a room.
They appealed against the High Court’s judgment to the Supreme Court.
They appealed against the City Court’s judgment.
They was delivered.
They wrote a letter to the Press Complaints Commission.
They heard the case.
They ruled in favour of the defendants.
They convicted the applicant of drug trafficking.
They deprived the first applicant of her status.
They convicted him of several offences.
They brought court proceedings against the first applicant and K..
They convicted the applicant of drug possession and fined him.
They was deferred.
They convicted him on twelve counts of commercial trafficking of drugs.
They returned to Blagoveshchensk.
They convicted him on twenty counts of drug trafficking.
They upheld the judgment.
They were instituted against B. on suspicion of fraud.
They convicted him on two counts of attempted aggravated extortion by use of force.
They invalidated the social tenancy agreement.
They and ordered the applicants’ eviction.
They stopped the applicant’s car.
They was kept in a cell.
They found the applicant guilty of driving a vehicle after the withdrawal of his driving licence.
They lodged.
They ordered the applicants to vacate the room.
They applied to the FMS with a request to re-establish her status.
They died.
They was dissolved.
They took the children to the Republic of Ingushetiya.
They demanding confirmation that harassing comments in the “Media” subforum would be deleted.
They was ordered to pay the defendants’ litigation costs.
They made a written request.
They seeking a family visit.
They remains unenforced.
They was returned to the applicant.
They lodged a complaint.
They was not informed of the enforcement.
They filed a written objection.
They upheld the District Court’s decision.
They opposed the applicant’s claims.
They sent a letter to X requesting that she withdraw her statements.
They found that X’s comment on Facebook had been defamatory and declared the statements null and void.
They lodged defamation proceedings against X.
They lodged.
They have been serving life sentences.
They adopted the Code on the Execution of Sentences of Ukraine (“the Code”).
They applied for administrative review of that decision.
They was amended.
They ordered the expulsion.
They were passed.
They stated that.
They as the result of the absence of the right to long visits until 2014 he had had to divorce his wife.
They had lost contact with his family.
They stated that.
They rejected the application.
They ordered the reduction of the re-entry ban to five years.
They was born.
They had acknowledged paternity of the child J..
They suspended the proceedings.
They resumed the suspended proceedings.
They was taken into pre-trial custody.
They was again deferred.
They convicted the applicant of taking a bribe.
They about the lawfulness of the interception of his phone conversation and the accuracy of the transcript.
They complained.
They merely replied that the impugned interception had been lawful.
They lodged.
They was placed in pre-trial detention.
They was taken into pre-trial custody.
They born.
They rejected the appeal.
They rejected the application for administrative review of the expulsion order.
They notified the applicant that it was willing to order expulsion to Turkey.
They was released from prison.
They was moved to a psychiatric prison.
They convicted him of drug trafficking and acquisition of drugs.
They signed a social tenancy agreement with a certain K..
They ordered the expulsion of the applicant to Turkey.
They moved to Moscow and decided to purchase a flat there.
They was released.
They lodged.
They reported to the police that the applicant and his girlfriend had raped her.
They reported to the police that the applicant had committed a sexual offence against her.
They imposed a further administrative fine on R.M..
They found the applicant guilty of disclosure of State secrets.
They was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment.
They pleaded not guilty.
They upheld the conviction on appeal.
They lodged a number of requests seeking to end his obligation to pay child allowance.
They lodged an appeal.
They reduced the applicant’s contact with his daughter.
They invited R.M. to the bailiffs’ office.
They reviewed the applicant’s parental rights.
They final judgment.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They ordered her placement in a psychiatric facility in France.
They lodged a petition for review.
They ordered R.M. to comply with the judgment.
They is.
They in a psychiatric facility.
They was returned to the Izmaylovskiy District Bailiffs’ Service in Moscow.
They committed a murder.
They was never informed of the enforcement dates scheduled.
They lodged.
They appointed the Budapest XV District Guardianship Authority to deal with any further proceedings.
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They to be unlawful.
They found the bailiffs’ actions.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They was dismissed.
They tried to enforce the judgment of 25 June 2014 without success.
They lodged a request to be transferred to a similar psychiatric facility in Romania.
They requested.
They be excluded from any further proceedings.
They submitted that the applicant had not been registered as living in B.’s room, he was not a member of B.’s family.
They instituted court proceedings.
They seeking recognition of his right to occupy the room as B.’s family member.
They granted the applicant’s claim.
They did not appeal.
They instituted enforcement proceedings with regard to the eviction order.
They were placed on the waiting list for social housing.
They concluded an agreement with the first applicant for use of social accommodation.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001 and dismissed the first applicant’s request.
They divorced.
They moved in with his new partner, B..
They appealed.
They applied to the FMS with a new request to re-establish her forced migrant status.
They refused to refer the applicant’s application for supervisory review of the decision.
They quashed the judgment of 6 May 2010 and dismissed the applicant’s claims.
They was excluded from the social tenancy agreement.
They extended the forced migrant status.
They was registered as living in the room.
They published an interview with the applicant.
They was set up for the purpose of protesting.
They dismissed the cases.
They submitted a complaint to the police about false accusations made against him.
They dismissed.
They was disciplined on three occasions.
They lodged an administrative claim.
They rejected that claim.
They lodged.
They was sentenced to life imprisonment.
They was sent to R.M.’s address.
They decided to separate.
They gave birth to two children.
They settled.
They lodged.
They married R.M..
They challenged in court the lawfulness of the bailiffs’ actions.
They failed to attend.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They upheld the first-instance judgment.
They failed to turn up at numerous scheduled meetings.
They counterclaim.
They requested that the child be placed in his custody.
They filed a criminal complaint against Ms N.R..
They was delivered.
They dismissed an action.
They seeking to decrease the amount of child allowance.
They imposed an execution fee on R.M. of RUB 5,000 for failure to comply with the judgment.
They suspended the enforcement proceedings.
They ordered Ms N.R. to comply with the agreement.
They refused.
They telephoned R.M. and asked him to attend the bailiffs’ office to provide explanations for his non-compliance.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They could exercise contact.
They launched a search for the children and restricted R.M.’s right to drive.
They brought an action.
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They initiated child protection proceedings.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They was fined for not complying with the agreement.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They married.
They lodged.
They lodged numerous complaints.
They questioned the applicant’s neighbours.
They dismissed the applicant’s case.
They were still living in Romania.
They visited the applicant at her place.
They stayed the enforcement proceedings.
They informed the police that the applicant did not have any psychiatric disorders.
They lodged an objection to the enforcement.
They found the psychiatrist’s actions unlawful.
They was notified to the applicant.
They sought enforcement.
They asked the court to find the police’s decision to have her assessed by the psychiatrist unlawful.
They quashed the judgment.
They was dismissed from her post.
They forwarded the following letter to the Psychiatric and Narcological Service.
They lodged.
They went to Romania for the summer holidays.
They gave birth.
They married Ms N.R..
They could exercise contact.
They lodged.
They was reluctant to stay with him.
They moved out.
They agreed on custody.
They divorced.
They had one daughter, R.Ó, born.
They applied to the Szolnok County Guardianship Authority to have the contact agreement enforced.
They attempts to exercise contact failed.
They were never considered.
They brought a civil claim in court, seeking to contest his paternity of the child in question.
They dismissed his request.
They being pronounced.
They had given birth at home.
They learnt for the first time that his telephone conversations had been recorded and his other communications monitored.
They refused.
They replied that it had already received proposals from several non-governmental organisations that births outside hospitals be regulated.
They appealed.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee medical assistance at her home during the birth of her third child.
They found in her favour.
They rejected the applicant’s appeal and partly accepted the provider’s appeal.
They had given birth at home.
They was admitted to hospital.
They was admitted to hospital.
They refused.
They lodged a court action against the local utilities provider.
They became an active member of the movement known as “gimimas.lt”.
They was released from hospital.
They drank water from taps.
They lodged.
They gave birth.
They gave birth to her second child.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee the provision of such medical assistance.
They [gave] birth at home without qualified healthcare assistance.
They initiated proceedings.
They overturned the District Court’s decision and dismissed the applicant’s claim.
They allowed the applicant’s claims, declaring him the father of the child.
They wrote a will bequeathing all his property to the child.
They lodged.
They was refused.
They started administrative court proceedings.
They upheld the order to return the children.
They started criminal proceedings.
They upheld the first-instance court’s decision.
They noted that activities relating to home births, as a phenomenon, had been neither criminalised nor forbidden by law in Lithuania.
They appealed.
They found B. guilty of fraud.
They acquitted J.I.Š..
They received an exchange voucher authorising her to move into the flat in Moscow.
They overturned the lower court’s judgment and convicted J.I.Š..
They were registered as living in that flat.
They had been unlawfully transferred to the first applicant.
They amended the judgment.
They lodged.
They appealed.
They authorised the exchange of flats between K. and the first applicant.
They bought a flat in Kaluga Region.
They no contact had taken place.
They established.
They dismissed the applicant’s request.
They appealed.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They opposed the action.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They appealed.
They appealed.
They quashed the first-instance court’s decision.
They passed away.
They delivered its ruling.
They lodged an application.
They seeking to be granted sole or shared custody of the child.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They lodged an appeal.
They accepted.
They appeal.
They was served.
They gave its judgment.
They appealed against that decision.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They lodged.
They underwent a polygraph testing.
They underwent the test.
They began treatment with feminising hormones.
They lodged an appeal.
They he had not been able to have any physical contact in order to conceive children.
They stated that.
They informed the applicant that he had to vacate the room.
They quashed the decisions.
They privatised that flat.
They asked the Ministry of Health to initiate changes in legislation.
They did not apply for deregistration from the flat which he had occupied with his former wife.
They died.
They was not registered as living in the room.
They asked the Lithuanian Midwives Association and the Lithuanian Fellowship of Midwives and Gynaecologists for their views on home birth.
They stated its disapproval.
They lodged.
They was asked to comment about the possibility of providing medical assistance during home births.
They was registered as living in that flat.
They suspects and defendants could have no more than two family visits per month.
They responded that.
They was married to Z. and was living with her in a state-owned flat which had been provided to Z.’s parents.
They replied that despite significant worldwide changes in the sphere of maternity care, the question of planned home births remained sensitive and controversial.
They started a criminal investigation.
They was due to give birth.
They had given birth at home.
They upheld the decision.
They was established.
They was issued with a Russian passport.
They rejected the third applicant’s complaint.
They moved to Moscow.
They asked the authorities in charge of the criminal case to authorise short visits.
They issued an internal passport.
They replied that the applicable law did not make a provision for long-stay visits.
They decided.
They that the applicant had been wrongly issued with a Russian passport.
They asked the governor to authorise a long meeting.
They dismissed a complaint.
They published an Internet press release.
They to discuss the question of home birth.
They rejected his request.
They upheld the decision.
They asked the prison governor to authorise a short meeting.
They applied for a residency permit in Russia.
They was transferred to remand prison.
They issued a residency permit.
They granted the request.
They stated that the children refused contact with their father.
They decided that the children should reside with their mother.
They applied.
They for a residence order.
They issued a writ of execution.
They refused to comply with the judgment.
They sought a court order for a three-month psychological counselling programme for the children.
They opened enforcement proceedings.
They refused to institute enforcement proceedings.
They challenged the lawfulness of the above-mentioned decision.
They enforcement proceedings were transferred.
They noted that she was “firmly resolved ( tvirtai nusiteikusi ) to give birth at home.
They found the decision.
They to be unlawful.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They asked three public hospitals in Vilnius to provide her with medical assistance during her home birth.
They due date was.
They spoke with the children.
They interviewed the children.
They heard evidence from the parents.
They allowed the application for the return of the children.
They informed her husband that she and the children would no longer return to Italy.
They lodged a criminal complaint.
They for child abduction.
They appealed.
They applied to the Bucharest County Court for the return of the second and third applicants to Italy.
They returned to Italy.
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They questioned Dzh.A., K.G., Dzh.N. and Sh.D..
They started enforcement proceedings.
They was arrested.
They authorised the applicant’s detention.
They ordered the applicant’s arrest.
They was put on the international wanted persons list.
They lodged.
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P.
They were requested to submit a complete investigation file.
They instituted a preliminary inquiry.
They sent a letter to Hegnar Online stating the applicant’s intention to instigate civil proceedings.
They accepted the applicant’s argument.
They in an email.
They criminal investigation was discontinued.
They was lodged with the Press Complaints Commission.
They complaint.
They concluded in general terms that neither comments with sexual content nor comments that accused the applicant of unethical or unlawful behaviour.
They that the editors should accordingly have removed them immediately.
They found that both publications had breached the code of conduct for journalists.
They instituted proceedings against the applicant, challenging the validity of her will.
They discontinued, on similar grounds, the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They upheld the decision.
They was started.
They concluded that the genetic material collected at the location indicated by the applicant could not have originated from Dzh.A., K.G. or Dzh.N..
They ordered the applicant’s release.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They wrote an editorial in Kapital commenting on the applicant’s remarks on the forum comments.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They had short-term visits from the second applicant, as well as his mother and sister.
They took place.
They had regular short-term visits.
They was allowed for the first time a long-term family visit, which was from his sister.
They had a visit from his sister and a certain Ms L..
They got married with Ms L..
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They refused to grant her leave.
They dismissed a complaint lodged by the applicant.
They lodged a request.
They for leave to attend her funeral.
They upheld the said decision on appeal.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They responded.
They suspended the investigation.
They died.
They was given.
They ordering a further investigation.
They authorised her transfer to a psychiatric facility.
They lodged two complaints with the Press Complaints Commission.
They applied to the prefect of Rome for a change of forename.
They published articles concerning the applicant’s role and relationship with a wealthy, elderly widow.
They lodged.
They refused the applicant’s request.
They was started.
They found that the applicant had embarked on the gender transition process.
They lodged.
They authorised her to undergo surgery.
They sent an email.
They had warned Ms L. that her relative was under covert surveillance and that there were listening devices hidden in his cell.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They was charged with disclosure of State secrets.
They upheld the decision.
They authorised “audio surveillance” of the applicant’s office.
They quashed the decision.
They authorised for 180 days the interception and recording of the applicant’s telephone conversations.
They lodged.
They asked the governor to allow him a short meeting.
They sent a package by post.
They objected to the decision.
They allowed an application.
They and examined the contents of the package.
They in relation to the package.
They lodged another request.
They dismissed the applicant’s objections.
They was suspended on probation and the applicant was released from prison.
They objected to the decision.
They granted an application.
They submitted an incomplete copy of the material from the case file.
They applied.
They for authorisation to exchange his flat in Moscow.
They lodged.
They was granted the status of victim.
They reversed the decision of the Administrative Court and quashed the expulsion order.
They brought subsequent proceedings in which he sought to stop paying child support to the second child.
They questioned the alleged perpetrators.
They was rejected.
They were arrested and remanded in custody.
They was quashed.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They were released.
They indicated that it was impossible to restore the flash memory drives of the phones.
They ordered that the applicant undergo a polygraph test.
They submitted that their eviction would be in breach.
They ordered the applicants’ eviction from their room.
They brought court proceedings against the applicants.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They objected to the eviction.
They upheld the judgment.
They refused to grant the applicant leave to lodge a cassation appeal.
They issued a similar decision.
They lodged an appeal against the eviction order.
They upheld the eviction order.
They underwent a DNA test.
They undertook to pay child support to the two children born during the marriage.
They held that the decision of 25 January 2010 had been unlawful.
They learned that his former wife had conceived their second child, born in 2003, as a result of a relationship with another man during her marriage to the applicant.
They quashed the decision of 3 November 2010 and dismissed the first applicant’s complaint against the decision of the FMS of 25 January 2010.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001.
They divorced.
They decided to challenge that decision in court.
They drew the applicant’s counsel’s attention to the debate that had been started on the Hegnar Online forum.
They lived with his daughter and J..
They had a son.
They lodged.
They application.
They were terminated.
They has been registered as living in the flat.
They issued the applicant a permanent residence permit.
They has repeatedly been convicted of criminal offences.
They rejected his request.
They appealed.
They challenged the restrictions on family visits before a court.
They upheld the judgment.
They issued by the governor.
They did not have any short or long-stay visits.
They did not lodge a cassation appeal.
They rejected the appeal by the applicant as unfounded.
They married M..
They vacated the disputed room.
They instituted proceedings.
They against M., challenging the paternity of K..
They lodged.
They asked the administration of the Primorskiy District of St Petersburg to provide her with alternative accommodation.
They gave birth to a baby girl, K..
They accepted paternity of K. by submitting the relevant declaration to the authorities.
They divorced.
They excluded the possibility of the applicant being K.’s biological father.
They lodged.
They was held in penal colony.
They one short visit.
They was able to have five short visits.
They asked for the meeting to be held without a glass partition.
They signed his decision on the petition: “Rejected..
They lodged.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They was indicated as the father in the child’s birth certificate.
They left Uzbekistan for Russia.
They gave birth to a child.
They were granted the status of “forced migrants”.
They DNA test was performed proving that the applicant was in fact the father of the child.
They informed the applicant that she had divorced her husband and that she had decided to marry a German national and move with the child to Germany.
They had regular contact with the child.
They entered into private relations with a married woman.
They was born.
They was an English teacher.
They lodged.
They witnessed the murder.
They was granted a temporary permit to stay.
They rejected an application by the applicant.
They appealed.
They had infringed the applicant’s right to receive information.
They held that the Edirne Enforcement Court’s decision.
They delivered an inadmissibility decision.
They became final.
They discontinued the criminal proceedings.
They discontinued the extradition proceedings.
They was ordered to comply.
They was detained in remand prison.
They carried out an inspection of remand prison.
They carried out an inspection of the conditions of detention.
They issued a notice.
They advising that the conditions of detention in the prison be brought in line with the statutory requirements.
They asked the District Court to finish the drafting of its written judgment faster.
They authorised the applicant’s mother to visit her.
They lodged an appeal.
They dismissed a complaint.
They left the family home and took the child with her.
They quashed the decision.
They could not be sent.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They gave its ruling.
They informed the applicant that the enforcement was scheduled.
They lodged appeals.
They lodged.
They upheld the ruling.
They refused the applicant leave to appeal against either the High Court’s judgment.
They moved in with the applicant.
They claims.
They that the media to be returned to the applicant contained, inter alia , legal advice protected by lawyer-client privilege.
They dismissed the case.
They issued a decision restoring those items to the applicant.
They asked the law firm.
They was dismissed.
They had therefore been exceeded.
They found that the warrant issued.
They lodged an application.
They took place.
They was carried out in Austria on suspicion of, inter alia , investment fraud, breach of confidence and insider trading.
They investigation.
They did not accept the complaint for adjudication.
They was rejected.
They rejected the applicant’s request for leave to appeal.
They dismissed that application.
They submitted an asylum application.
They was unsuccessful.
They lodged an application.
They stated that she had always identified as female.
They dismissed the applicant’s application.
They lodged another application.
They applied for a hearing.
They lodged an application.
They was dismissed.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They quashed the decision.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They quashed the decision.
They submitted a DVD with a video recording.
They examined the video recording.
They lodged an action.
They dismissed the claim.
They upheld the judgment.
They issued an interim decision.
They was recruited.
They was killed.
They annulled the decision.
They lodged.
They lodged an appeal.
They sent the criminal case file to the Primorskiy District Court for trial.
They were invited to take part in the criminal proceedings in the capacity of victims.
They were allowed to exhume their son’s remains.
They buried him.
They sentenced him to six years’ imprisonment.
They found Mr O. guilty of having murdered the applicants’ son.
They lodged.
They his minor daughter, the applicant in the present case, had been repeatedly forced to have oral and anal sex.
They contacted Ms L. and informed her of their intention to come to St Petersburg to take part in the criminal proceedings.
They concluded that it was impossible to identify relatives of the deceased.
They indicated that the body had been unclaimed.
They was buried under his full name.
They asked.
They to identify relatives of the deceased.
They were instituted.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They was covered extensively in the above publications.
They were restored.
They lodged.
They sat an examination in order to become a public servant.
They lodged an action against TEDAŞ.
They granted the applicant’s request.
They submitted.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal against the prefect’s decision.
They had been appointed to the post of security officer.
They underwent an operation to change her sexual characteristics.
They informed the applicant that she would not be appointed to a post in that office as she did not fulfil the requirements of “being a man” and “having completed military service”.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They for legal recognition of her gender reassignment.
They refused to grant a stay of execution of the prefect’s decision.
They was removed from the school premises.
They was entered in the civil-status registers as male.
They underwent mammoplasty.
They delivered the final decision.
They for surgery.
They was placed on a waiting list.
They was upheld.
They was married to I.M.U..
They filed for divorce and custody of the child.
They were all seized from him.
They lodged.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They summoned the applicant’s lawyer.
They against Hegnar Media AS and the editor, Mr H., for defamation.
They instigated civil proceedings.
They lodged a fresh complaint.
They had seen that the comments had by then already been deleted.
They declared the complaint inadmissible.
They lodged a series of requests.
They were dismissed.